I don't know. Did I put you in a weird spot? You feel uncomfortable because just like two of your friends
It's like mom and dad are fighting. Is this weird? I don't know
It's cold here this week. I had to put see that's it was jacket on my on my chair
I had to wear a jacket. Oh, yeah, in Miami. It was 55 degrees this morning, which is 55 degrees which is freezing
Literally not it's from my perspective. It's freezing. It's crazy again. I spent like what 25 years in the Northeast
Yeah, you know
winters whatever
Never felt great about them, but it was like, you know, fine. Just whatever it dropped to 55 after
You know a year and a half of being in Florida and like my ears hurt
I have my kind of sick
It's just like my body. It is amazing how much we adapt like
I mean the people living in Minnesota and they're like walking around in shorts outside and it's
-14 or whatever. It's just part of it. My favorite thing that someone pointed out once was in the winter
When it like becomes starts to get a little bit warmer. Let's take it's like 60 something degrees
You're like super happy going out in shorts and like really excited
But then in the summer when it becomes fall and it goes to 60 something degrees
You're like putting on a coat and a scarf and totally different perspective. Yep. Yeah, it's just all subjective
Yeah, I went for a walk and it was 24 degrees this morning. So I don't want to hear about your 55
55 amazing for accent a video right before it was maybe laugh, which is him like
It just him like walking through like ice be like
It's so cold that you just hear that wind like blasting and you know, it's like 10 degrees
Yeah
55 oh my word. I did spend a winter in Florida. So I I know how it's like ooh
Chili yeah, chili 60 degrees this morning the two weeks of cold we get every year. Yeah, but that's when everyone comes down to south florida
It's like it's really cold in the northeast. So people come down there and enjoy moderate temperatures
Snowbirds my mom and my brother are coming
tomorrow actually and I sent them a screenshot being like it's cold this week and they were like
Is it because like the range was like 60 to 75 like every single day. Yeah, the next week and to me. It's like
Not great weather, but for them the alternative is you know 20 degrees. So it just occurred to me
We took a month off. We came back and we're talking about the weather. Yeah, we've gotten we've gotten really bad
This is the third time we've tried to start this episode if this fails and the recording doesn't work
We're just gonna come back again. Maybe never again. Yeah, we could
How you been we have I feel like we haven't talked. We I mean, we've talked but it's been very like work
It's like I need things from you because sst
It's not been just hanging out. I've been good. It's been a lot of just work stuff
Really because we're trying to push ion out. We're actually trying to get it out today a little
Are you serious paid up preview for people? Yeah, the only contract within there is the next JS one
Oh, right. Uh, that's the most complicated contract. So if we can get that working then everything else is
Is simpler. Yeah, um
But yeah, we're we're pretty excited about it. We uh, we keep like pushing it further and further and
it really feels like
Finally, we can say that the product is gonna be a reflection of of our skills whereas before we just had like yeah
Such an artificial ceiling and every single dimension that we wanted to improve things
Uh like do you want to give some context and back up a little bit on ion because there may be people who don't follow you on twitter
Yes, and haven't seen anything about it. Yeah, so, uh, we at sst
Which is a framework for building applications on AWS are working on a new version of it basically and we're code naming it ion
The key thing that we did is
Previously we were built on top of AWS CDK, which is a very AWS focused
Infrastructure as code tool. It's like built around deploying stuff in AWS
We've been building on top of it for two years
Just discovered all sorts of problems and issues with it
And we try to work on as much as we can and we're really at the limits of what we can do
So we said, okay, we need to swap out our core engine
And we wanted to tap into the the terraform ecosystem and kind of access the wide range of providers that are there
One that are like well maintained because terraform is huge and people
Like so many people use it more than more than CDK
And too, like it gives us the ability to expand beyond just AWS like potentially anything
And we also discovered Pulumi, which is a kind of a layer on top of terraform in a lot of ways
So is that a swapper engine with that and we've just been able to do every single thing that we've always wanted to do
Our deployments for next day as just keep getting faster and faster like what
When you deploy this I already like make a change
It's like down below 10 seconds now to get to get it out
Previously, this was like a several minute process. So it just kind of shows you the gap that that exists
Yeah, basically it just gave us full control over a lot of things. We didn't have control over before so we can
Tune it to our exact use case
And then beyond just the performance stuff. There's just
Each are wise there's just so many like cool things that we can do now and so much has been simplified
But yeah, pretty excited about it. And yeah, we're gonna get this like alpha release out and then in january, hopefully get like
a full like practical release out that people could actually use yeah like it what is the long tail here because
As someone who doesn't use next day a site. I use astro site and like normal api stuff
Is this like the next few months most everything is moved over is it like
A long-term project of migrating stuff and maybe some of it never gets migrated. What should I expect?
Am I going to be using I on this year? I mean next year. Yeah, I think the contracts will actually pretty be pretty fast
I think at this point like a lot of the work was one us learning this new engine. Just understanding exactly how it worked
Making mistakes kind of figuring out our design for it
but the next day a site
comprises of like
everything else that we do like it has
You know all obviously all like the cdn stuff and it also has all the lambda functions stuff
But also has like a queue in it for isr also has like it just has like every single thing
so I think the
Getting to parity with sse today with the rest of the contracts will probably be pretty fast at this point
Maybe another month
Like the dev mode with live lambda like that might be a little bit of work, but
I don't see this taking super long. I feel like we can get to pretty much everything that
We have already today and like a month or two
Wow, that's sometime in january and then from there we can kind of jump forward to
All sorts of things that we don't have now
Yeah, no, this is exciting. Yeah, that is the one thing like sse is that in terms of developer experience is so great
It's so it feels so modern in a world
Speaking of AWS. It doesn't feel modern
In terms of like web dev if you come from that background
But did like the cloud formation piece the the piece that you guys can't do anything about historically it just feels like this
Uh, yeah, this thing you're waiting on all the time. Maybe like drop back down into yeah the ancient world
Yeah, so it's very exciting to think
This could get better real soon. Okay, so I have like a like a really grand theory about this which is kind of funny
So I've noticed myself
Uh, I used to be like most days. I would have like extremely long stretches of time where I was hyper productive and like
Not distracted at all
Once I switched to doing all this cloud formation serverless stuff
All that suddenly started to become a lot more difficult and i'm really convinced it's because
Several times throughout the day. I'm waiting on cloud formation, which is which can be anywhere from like one to ten minutes
Yep, and it just gives me opportunities to get distracted and that just becomes a habit and over time it just kind of stacks on like
And so just kind of brings you to a bad place. So I feel like this is gonna fix my whole life
Wow, that's the hopes that I have for I mean, I I see the logic that gets there
Uh, I do I think I've talked up some of that to just getting older and more distracted and there's more going on on the internet
Uh, we've talked about that
But the cloud formation piece can't be ignored because it is a meme within like the AWS twitter community
We all joke about like
That we spent half our day waiting on cloud formation. Yeah, it's it's a gateway to getting distracted
Like when you're in the zone what interrupts you? It's cloud formation
Yeah, it's like you you're all the feelings of guilt
Like when it's when it starts deploying and I know it's gonna be a few minutes
I'm talking. I'm gonna check my email. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do that
And there's no sense of like, oh, I'm breaking out of the thing I should be focused on because like I can't do anything about it
I'm waiting and it's gonna update and then I'll get back to it
Yeah, once that's gone. That's gonna be a reality call or a wake-up call. Sort of like oh, yeah, I have to stay focused on things like
My development environment's no longer in my way. Yeah, and that's like the critical thing of
Like the fundamental thing about good developer experience is a fast feedback loop
That's like that's the only thing you really need to do well. And if you can do that well, everything else kind of falls into place
So
Uh, we did that with live lambda that kind of brought fast feedback loop to
Functions within everything else
Is still kind of slow. So yeah, it's it's it's also annoying for me because now that I see all of this
Uh, I still have projects all of my all my projects are on
SST like the non-ion version currently. Yeah, and now I just hate
I want the new things so badly and I wanted to switch to it already
But today, I mean today the next JS construct like the people are gonna be able to use SST
And if you if you use the next JS construct
And that's mainly all you do is you deploy your next JS side in AWS
The ion piece will
Pervade everything you do with SST like your whole CLIs replaced. Is that how it works?
Yeah, the CLIs written in go now, uh, which also made it a lot faster. So many things there we
We could optimize, uh
It doesn't require npm at all like you just install the cli on your computer and it can just do everything no
Packages, no nothing everything is built into the cli
Uh, we do have like javascript's code that we ship
But we actually pack it into the binary. So it's not like it's like fetched again from npm
Yeah, yeah, there's lots of cool things like that where we made it
So it's just a cli and a snow config file and
You're good to go. This is awesome. I'm very excited. Okay. So what else is going big?
I mean been going on that's SST world. Yeah, I feel like you've been all over twitter
Just like making the rounds
I feel like you blew up and got way more famous just in the month we took off
I had to get back on the podcast before you decided you were too big for me
That's a case maybe I mean, I don't know it feels like you you're you're a part of every conversation
You're starting most of them. I don't know. I mean just reflective of me spent the most time on twitter of anyone
Yeah, when he said you've just been really busy working like just I guess twitter does count that is
It's part of your work. I'm just running. Yeah, I do feel yeah, I do feel like myself has been getting like the floor of
the amount of visibility my stuff gets is is different now
Uh, and I definitely feel like I also feel that in the replies in terms of like
the random people replying to me
But yeah, obviously the the thing we're referring to the past two weeks just me like slamming vercell on the head
Yeah, that there's been a lot of that. Yeah. Yeah. Do you want to talk about that some more on a podcast setting?
Are you tired of talking about me? No, no, I will try a company because there is a yes triangle company with okay, you know what I love
So I've been referring to vercell's triangle company and I've been hoping that it sticks
I've been getting people replying to me
Angingly upset about something I'm saying and even they're referring to it as trial and company. So I'm like, it's working
That's funny. Yeah, the next I'm trying to get to stick is top g for yammo. I saw top g. That's
Funny wonder if he even gets a smile out of that. No, he doesn't. That's definitely too serious
So basically what I realized a couple weeks ago was
I talked to so many people that are
uh, like kind of doing stuff
in this industry for the people that either
Run other open source projects or like they have
Developmental companies or like yeah, everything's wide wide spectrum of like all kinds of people from pure open source to
Commercial companies like doing all kinds of things. Mm-hmm. Every single person
in private has
annoyance and beef with triangle company everyone is like upset and annoyed and like
Vaguely wishes they would go away. Yeah for all for all it's the same reasons that everyone feels which is like, you know
There's create a ton of noise and it's just very there's a very annoying player to have exist. Yeah, okay
uh in private
But a lot of them don't feel super comfortable saying anything in public which makes sense because you know
Conflict is annoying when you want to avoid it. Yeah
Just like just on the on the baseline of just like there's friction to have conflict
Yep, but then also like, you know, some sometimes they do somewhat have some kind of relationship with this company or
Yeah, it's complicated. It's complicated. Yeah, they go to the invite only parties that can yeah
Yeah, exactly. So but so then I realized like, you know what like
This is actually a not a good situation because uh versatile just takes advantage of this
And they say whatever they want and they always frame it and they get very like
PR authoritative
Yeah, authoritative way where it feels like if you you can't really like
argue with them really
Make you feel unreasonable very quickly
So
It's like this weird asymmetry where like they just get to do whatever they want and everyone just kind of subset in private
And I was like, let me just what happens if I just like crack this and I just yeah instead of being subtle
I didn't just 100 percent straightforward of here's exactly how I feel
That's what I did two weeks ago or like it was last week
And I'm not going to stop. I'm just going to keep doing this because
It's weird. Everyone's I kind of self-sensoring themselves and no one like really
Says what they're feeling. Yeah, and I'm hoping this can like drive people to
Do more comfortable saying it without I have no like
It's so funny like I see this all the time and this is like a big success of their
dev rel team
Whenever someone has a problem with them like not even the category of people on time
I'm just a user of herself
Yeah, they feel compelled to like decorate everything they're saying with compliments
Like I saw a reply in one of my threads or somewhere where they were like
Oh my god, Vercel is so great and I like love you guys and you guys I think everything you guys do is great
But I haven't been able to deploy to my site
And it's like this is not this is like a very reasonable thing to be upset by and yeah
They've just been able to craft this thing where people feel afraid to like
Not be pinned as like a Vercel hater or whatever. So yeah, oh, I've seen that. I'm exactly what you're talking about
Yeah, exactly. So it's just it's like it's a weird dynamic and I think everyone feels even people in
Like there's obviously it's this competition like we're in a space and there's competing views and projects and everything
But I think everyone would feel better if they just kind of went away in a lot of ways
Yeah, so if you're a user of Vercel and you're happy with them
You don't want you you obviously also don't want this. You don't want the rest of the industry feeling like I wish they would go away
Right. Yeah, so yeah, and you have to be honest. They're very easy to to poke because
It's just like a relationship with AWS like you you get to like
Just say what you actually think
And they're very like polished on their end and inauthentic and it just the the contrast
I don't know. They can't reply really. Yeah, they can't yeah
They do have that very for being a startup. I guess I mean they're a startup
They do have a very like stodgy inauthentic
Professional like persona
On social and everywhere else. I don't know if that's just they've all gone through PR training
You can see it and I feel like I even remember the shift and I hate I hate all that PR training stuff
It's it's it's there's there's like the obvious part of it, which we like it just sounds fake
But then the part I don't like is a lot of it is just weird traps and tricks to like move conversations away
In like an unfair way. Like if someone complains
Yeah, make them feel bad about being a complainer and then talk about something else, right? That's like
Yeah, it's it's usually stuff like that, which you know, I just
Cannot stand it, but it's very effective like it's it works
And you can see it all the time, but yeah, like they just make so much noise
Like I just I'm just sick of them being like we are the people you go to for performance
We are the best performance people everything we do is for pushing performance and all I did was post the recording of
their own app and
if that is like
If that causes controversy then that's a problem if a recording of me using your product cause controversy like that's
That's not my fault. Yeah, right
Can I can I chime in on the the SPA versus whatever?
server rendered
I think like
it's all just current
Limitations
in in terms of like developer
Ability or an experience or the tooling like ultimately there is a best
Right like native apps like if you ignore the initial download time of a native app
It just is better like it's better. It feels better using it is better
right and eventually
Tooling I feel like everything gets out of the way and everything every app can be that good
No matter what type of app or site it is, right?
Are there fundamental differences in some products and they should be done a certain way
Or shouldn't it ultimately all feel that good regardless of how it's done
They should all end up feeling that good like the stuff you post. It's just like super fast client side stuff happening
Everything should get there. That's that's objectively better, right?
Yeah, and that's why I posted that poll asking people right after I posted the during the whole SPA debate
I posted the thing asking
What what generally feels better to you a native app or a web app and of course almost everyone said a native app
And I was like well native apps for all effectively SPA is like architecture wise
So why do they feel better? It's clearly not because most apps have this like initial data fetch problem
Yeah thing that like next year's harps on
Yeah, I think the key thing a little bit what you said is if you ignore initial download time
so
There's a whole category of products out there where ignoring initial download time makes a lot of sense
There's some where that doesn't make any sense and it's to be honest
It's for apps that nobody uses if you don't go to an app often initial download time is a big problem. So yeah, yeah, like if you are
Buying a shirt from some company and they make you download an app. That's a terrible experience
Sure you want everything next year's does it's probably optimized for that and I'm sure it works great if I'm ever building an e-commerce thing
I'm probably gonna go use that because it's probably really fantastic for all that stuff
But then the other category of things which is probably what pays most of our bills and pays people salaries is
That's applications like productivity applications stuff that drives business
Initial download or initial cost is like so negligible there and yeah, everything should just feel like
a native app and at some point I feel like we I do remember like for years
uh, I remember the web
Being like we can be as good as native. We can be as good as it keep trying to like close that gap. Yeah, it does a gap
And then at some point, I know it happened. I figured I looked away for like
A little bit and then that like goal just disappeared like people aren't talking about that at all anymore. They're talking about like
Websites and how to make your website load initial load faster and like
Yeah, it just doesn't make any
Sense of me for putting things that I work on. Yeah, I guess like I don't know if if how I posed my if I even posed a question
I don't know if what I said made any sense, but I think about like our use case. We have a big website
I would say it's not really an app and we mostly get people
That come for a short amount of time from google
And they get some information from our site and maybe they come back. That's that's what keeps us running
But like when I think about how our site it's not a big initial download. It's not a spa. It's like
clunky multi-page navigation
That's really sub-optimal like it would feel as good as a local app in an ideal world
And it would have all the benefits of loading fast
Somehow you got to do both the same time
And we're not there yet. Like we're not doing all the right things, but I just think like I can acknowledge
Even our site it'd be better if it was all client-side rendered and if it was like fast
on the front end like regardless of
How people get to it and how right what they expect like there there's still room for improvement and I feel like everything's ultimately driving toward
That that spa-like experience. Yeah. Yeah, and even for us and it's just kind of limitations
Even for us that all applies in the other direction too, right? So
All of myself is extremely client-heavy and that's great and has all this if we were talking about
But there are some experiences that are bad because they're client-heavy
The example I gave is
Uh, if you get an alert for an issue
And you click it
You're going to see like a spinner while like the client side data sync happens and gets a new issue and then renders it
Uh that experience should be
Diverside rendered that would make things a lot better, but I imagine it's similar to you guys where like
Like 95% of our flow is handled fine with our primary approach
And we will eventually get to like the last 5% with like mixing an SSR and follow the reverse for you guys
Uh, so yeah, you have to use everything. I was kind of my initial point with it all like I just don't like this
Consistent thing that you hear from triangle company, which is
We launch a new acronym
Literally your sites are going to be great and i'm pretty plugged in. I don't even remember what the new acronym is
ISA. What is it? T what is it? PPR PPR points per reception. I'm a fan. I'm a fantasy football player
So P PPR means something. I'm sorry. You can't just repurpose it
I guess the overlap that VIM diagram is not that large
Like people who care about modern web rendering and football and to be honest, nobody really understands PPR
I guarantee you like very few people will get it. The only reason I understand I've read a few things and I still know
Yeah, but it's funny to me because this is like it's like held up as a holy grail
And if you step back
Like from the way they're talking about and look at what it is. It just delivers like a stupid shell faster
Like you're talking about this stuff like it's so amazing
Like you get to see a useless shell faster than you would have otherwise amazing great
I get to see my navigation that I can't do anything with
That I didn't come here to see like is that like this one talking like why are we this?
Why are they like push
They're on the throne of this like performance and like great experiences and all this stuff and it's just like yeah
This other talking about is so relevant not impressive at all
Yeah, I feel like they can't they can't actually highlight how great their thing is their new
Thing without just comparing it to the previous new thing. They made yeah, it's like this is better than ISR
Look at these reasons. It's like wait a minute
But it's not good like it's not a big deal
Yeah, just because it's a lot better than the last thing you did doesn't make it
Worth getting this excited about as a twitter sphere
Yeah, and a lot of their stuff is solving their own problems like the ppr thing like they made the problem
Yeah, it only exists because they can't in the versatile architecture. They they can't render at edge
Uh, so they do this whole like step build that
Like statically computed at build time and they pitch it like that's like a crazy performance benefit
But you're saving like one millisecond compared to something that can
Render at edge so it's and it again took me a very long time to even like pull that apart
Understand that so I just hate the amount of noise that it creates
And I'm forced to spend time like digging into noise like I asked questions about this stuff
And then yeah, just over and over and over and over at some point we guys like
This is kind of a joke like we can't let these
Just like drag them drag everyone. There's over and over again. Yep. Yeah, this stuff does matter like
People there's a lot of people in the periphery who are not super plugged in
Uh, I know from like my time in consulting
The amount of clients that have some vague idea about like we should use this because I heard it's really good
Like that comes up and then I spend energy like explaining
For what they're doing like this is good or this is good and you could do either and it's not that big a deal
But they're dead set on using yep x which maybe isn't good for what they're doing
But because the loudest voices in the room
Continue to beat certain drums. I don't know it is annoying
The thing I told them to trade up was like you're putting the burden on other people to provide clarity
Like you just say all this stuff that makes no sense and then
The thousands of people are now dealing with
Yeah going through that and trying to convince people of now here's what it actually means
The other thing that I found interesting about this
Uh is I was able to actually connect with some people that also are super into
building snappy
client-side applications, uh, so there's app which I've actually come across before prior to them even
Uh, replying to they like replied to one of my tweets or quote tweeted or something
Talking about their own app. It's called fae app. I think it's f-e-y-a-p-p
And wait say it again f-e-y
Yeah f-e-y
app.com
Okay, I don't know why that was so hard for my brain to follow
Fae app
Yeah, I think they're like wildest dreams to replace like the blue merg terminal. Uh, it's like a financial research
Yeah
tool
But it's built in the style of
these amazing client-side apps like super fast super like unbelievably fast
Uh
keyboard shortcuts for everything like crazy productive
Really really impressive
And they were talking about like hey like we're choosing spa also for all these reasons and look at our literal app
Like look you can go look at it and try it
And they talk about how like we are using actually as we're not like using any of the server-set stuff like what's yeah
really a client mentor thing and uh and germos replying the thread like arguing with them
And they're literally like
Well, like we did it like here's our app and he's like no you can't do it like it's just like the
Like the nine reality like there's an app right there being like
This work for making money like this is our product and it's like this isn't really work
And it's like what why like why is this
Interaction that needs to be had there was a time like when next year
Just doing like a spa with next year's was sensible and even like yeah, not frowned upon from versel
Dashboard is an espa the spa. Yeah. Yeah, like it was just a good
It was just a better default than create react app or whatever like it was just a better bundler slash whatever
And then yeah the last few years next year's just become this like very opinionated about
Like the server side of everything and how
Bites flow in what order yeah to the client. Yeah, and it just reflects their customer base
Which are which is not reflective of our industry. I think yeah customer base is like media e-commerce type situations
And yeah, that's a big industry and they should serve them
But like it doesn't apply to the rest of us. I think it's it's time
I think there's like they had their time and I think everyone's kind of sick of them
under the hood
And you know I think their time's passed speaking of kind of sick at the arm bedroom right now
Let's talk about other
News and things that have happened on twitter
I've got two things I want to call out things I saw on twitter and I want to hear your opinion
But we could do something else for you to other first. No, go ahead. Okay. Uh first. Have you seen fascinating on twitter?
It's like an account called fascinating and it posts
Really fascinating things like facts or like
Pictures like events in history like people things that happen
I don't think I've seen that if you don't see this it just in the last week or so two weeks
Maybe it started cropping up on my feet because I use the for you like I don't know if that's frowned upon
I don't know I use I feel like I'm making like a political statement like I use I use the for you tab
People have strong opinions about this, but I just started getting this like fascinating
And and I remember hearing things about how like twitter power ties is like time
You spend staring at tweets and the replies and then the ad model and all that
And then there's like the the actual monetization like people who the creators getting money
From time spent looking through replies. Well, it's turned into a cesspool of like you click on a fascinating tweet
Because I click on every single one of them because they're not like short enough in a tweet
You have to read more and then the replies are full of the same handful of counts
Uh that post even more fascinating things some of them related to the original some not at all
And I end up in like a 25 minute
Just like one fascinating tweet to sit me down a 25 minute rabbit hole
I'm like on Wikipedia reading about these situations and these stories
It's it's taken over my twitter usage and I wonder how many people this has happened to and like how much money is fascinating making
I don't know you're just in a state of constant fascination. Yeah, they've just they've tapped into something
They've prayed on my reptilian brain
And I cannot get out of the replies
But it's like this the same
Seriously the same handful accounts somebody's gonna hear this and they've had this experience. Yeah, the same handful accounts that they'll reply with like a one-up
It's like the fascinating tweet was this person did this thing on this date in 1962
And then the reply tweet will be like, but what you didn't know
It's so much more important and so much cooler. It's like they're doing this on purpose each other. I don't know. It's it's wild
You gotta look it up. So are you like okay with this in your life? Are you gonna block them or gonna? I don't know
Yeah, I the other day I thought like I should just like click a button
I'm sure there's a button here in twitter where I can say I don't want to see fascinating tweets anymore
I don't want to see them because just I'm spending too much time. The thing that's making me laugh so hard is
whenever you say fascinating. I don't think of it as like
The user name is like I don't want to see tweets that are fascinating
I mean generally I don't I don't see anything fascinating ever again
Like unless it comes from my friends on twitter
Yeah, I think I do I need to cut it out of my life because it's it's a lot of time spent
I don't I feel like I don't see anything
From you guys anymore because I'm just reading these stupid awesome
Historical facts. Yeah against you will
Well, it's funny because the other thing I have noted
Uh, well one thing you described sucks. I hate it. Yeah, one of the things I liked about twitter historically has been
the stuff that just like
Leverages your brain like that like on instagram and other places
Wasn't as prevalent on twitter and now it's that we have to dodge it. I'm here too
I feel like it's it's got to be a product of the monetization like they figured out they can make a lot of money doing these and
People will read them. It's like it's working. Do they really make money from twitter paying them though?
I don't know. I mean they get a lot of
Whatever is on each impressions or whatever they if they like get a hundred x of views
I do and they're getting paid hundred x as much as I am like
I guess that is significant money. I don't know. I don't know who's behind these accounts
It's not like a big media company. So it might be just an individual and it's like this is a great that sucks
The other thing I've noticed which I hate is
As it's on any post that goes big especially if it's funny if it's income some kind of like funny meme, whatever it is
The replies are all just completely unrelated other things other like yeah videos or whatever and I hate it because like I want to see people like
replying to the original thing with clever stuff funny. Just one is fine because relevant and the other
Four is completely unrelated. I don't know. I don't know where that popped up about it. I think that's like
Also kind of new instance. Yeah, I think it's it's all been part of the shake-up
Like I agree and I think like tiktok
They've got the like hilarious comments thing down like I look at my wife's tiktok right exactly
It's like every you go to the comments because you know there's gonna be hilarious and they are
Yeah, and there's no bit of unrelated anything there, but twitter's definitely turned into like
Some kind of monetization game that people have figured out on the creator side. It's annoying
Oh, you know what I think in tiktok. It's actually kind of simpler because
it's like
Like the tiktok posts and then just pure text replies, right? You can't like embed another video right? There's no media
Yeah, it doesn't really make sense for twitter to be that constrained but
I know that's kind of what allows for yeah stupid thing
It just feels like an abuse of something and it's unfortunate because twitter didn't used to feel that way
Do you I guess it might just be because I I really thought I mean I was worried about the monetization thing
I didn't expect twitter to even have enough money to like give out to the point where this would create a problem
Yeah, but the thing I always forget is dollars are worth different amounts in different parts of the world
No, that's true. Yeah creators of india can afford. Yeah, like exactly. Yeah, so yeah, that probably makes a difference
Yeah, it's annoying. I'm sorry that I call that india. I don't know if that felt offensive to you
You last a long way in india. It does
Assuming elan's paying the same dollars all over the world. I don't know. Oh, that's a cool
I guess they would have to like fake it but you have to like
Reach. Oh, you could like be an american account
But like all the dollars are coming from the advertisers at the end of the day
So it has to be a percentage of whatever the advertisers are paying you'd have to reach american accounts
Yeah, yeah
The other thing I saw on twitter that I wanted to ask you if you saw this is just like yesterday. I think
Uh a little new school versus old school. Did you see the theo and dh h back and forth? Yeah, I did
Yeah, that's funny. It was good time. So just I may have missed even some of it. I don't know if more has happened
I think the last thing I saw was theo calling out
Uh, that this is the guy that skipped rails conf because
There are other people keynoting. I don't know if there's any reply from dh since then, but yeah
uh
That's it too. Yeah, I don't know. So dh is the delays. You can talk. I think you're in a weird spot
No, you feel uncomfortable
No, because just like two of your friends because me and dh are best friends. It's like it's like mom and dad are fighting
Well, no just dh hero of yours
Theo friend of yours is this weird? I don't know
Dh my my former hero. Oh, right, right. You have a complicated relationship
Very common here relationship with the hh. Yeah, so the latest thing he's been talking about is uh once
Which is his idea that people want to pay for software just once and get out of this
Oh, is that what it is? I saw a reference to that and I didn't know what i heard about once
Yeah, and that's a good domain to the thing he's trying to do it. Yeah, he has it
He's got it. Yeah, he does
The second one is the bundle list thing where like you just chip
your exact
Filetry
Yeah, dials with filetry and then you just like pipe it in over a single connection
And kind of seeing how far he can go with that
Like with everything with dhh. I think he's not wrong. It's just
True in a very narrow
If you like constrain the world to a very narrow place like what he's saying makes a lot of sense and it's true
Yeah, and I think people struggle
With that both people that are against them both people that are like like what he's doing people like what he's doing
Then they just try to like they think it applies way broader than it does
People don't like what he's doing. I can't see that it does make sense
Within like a smaller context
uh
So yeah, that was funny though. I see them go back and forth. I think uh to be honest
I don't like
That when people pull up like aren't you the guy that blah blah blah like I don't really like that because it wasn't related to the
Oh, yeah, sure to the there's a name for that. Isn't there? I think there's a name for that
Yeah, it just and the other thing is I'm I kind of
My whole interpretation of that rails conf thing was like
I think people reduce it to he didn't get to keynote
So he's like annoyed and he's gonna skip the whole thing as protest because he's doing he didn't get enough attention
Yeah, but to me, I think what was happening was that was during the time where base camp was just getting like
Fried left and right for all the stuff that they were doing and he felt that
It was annoying or unfair that rails the thing he created is like
Caving to this other external pressure that he's like kind of unfavourable character
So I can see why why in his
Point of view after like a year of that being like like fuck this like you're gonna take
It's away from me for that reason. It's probably more complicated. That seems on the surface. Yeah. Yeah, I don't blame
I don't blame them too much for that. Like uh, that's annoying. I hate I hate when people
Get removed from the stuff that they created. It happens very often
I mean the same ultimate thing also was like oh, yeah an example of that
So, yeah, I just I don't know. It's it's complicated. I just I DHH is not a person. Just wish he would go away
I think it would be better. He wasn't around. Yeah. Yeah, I did I saw all that interaction
And I was kind of like oh like it's I can't imagine I have strong opinions about this bundling stuff
Like seeing Theo tweet that stuff and then I saw another DHH tweet like right after that
Just like ended up on DHH's profile and it's like talking about his cloud cost savings. I was like you
Okay, I get to go after him Theo. Yeah, that idiot. I saw this morning. He posted his AWS bills going down. Yeah
Yeah, yeah for him. It's great. Good for him. It's great when you have a business. That's not growing anymore. You find a way
Like nobody uses base camp. Sure. Yeah. I mean, uh
Someone said that they I think it was was it was it Ian?
He was saying that he's got such a big following that anything he says is gonna sell
And he can point to it to say like look it worked. Oh, yeah
Yeah, which is you know, that's I think that is kind of like oh like you enough people just follow him blindly and
Everything he do gets confirmed because of that. I'm looking forward to being at that phase where I can just confirm
Look these people did it
Okay, this is gonna be really abrupt ending to our first episode back
But I have to be really bad because you bounce me around. I have a phone call. Yeah, can you tell?
All right, we're excited to be back. We are excited. Thank you. Thank you. Yes
I do too. Even if we don't publish them, I'd be excited just to do this and pretend like we have a podcast again
But we're gonna publish them too. Yeah
Once a week, we're gonna try once a week. Just yeah a little better quality versus quantity a little more
Substance in each episode. Maybe it might not work. It might just be the same inequality but now less of it
The knobs will figure out the right. Yeah. Yeah, we'll try. Okay. I'm gonna go pee. All right. See ya. Yeah